New NCN Overview Page (#2210)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: background/ncn_images.md

# NCN Images

The management nodes boot from NCN images which are created from layers on top of a common base image.
The common image is customized with a `kubernetes` layer for the master nodes and worker nodes.

> The common image is customized with a `storage-ceph` layer for the utility storage nodes..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The common image is customized with a `storage-ceph` layer for the utility storage nodes.
```

## Topics

* [Overview of NCN Images](#overview-of-ncn-images)
* [LiveCD Server](#livecd-server)

## Details

### Overview of NCN Images

There are several flavors of NCN images, each share a common base image. When booting NCNs an admin or user will need to choose between
stable (Release) and unstable (pre-release/dev) images.

> For details on how these images behave and inherit from the base and common images, see [node-image-docs][1].

> In short, each image (i.e. `kubernetes` and `storage-ceph`) inherit from the non-compute-common layer. Operationally these are all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, each image (for instance, `kubernetes` and `storage-ceph`) inherit from the non-compute-common layer. Operationally, these are all
```

that matter; the common layer, Kubernetes layer, Ceph layer, and any other new images.

> To boot an NCN, you need 3 artifacts for each node-type (`kubernetes-master/worker`, `storage-ceph`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To boot an NCN, you need three artifacts for each node-type (`kubernetes-master/worker`, `storage-ceph`):
```

   squash: /var/www/ephemeral/data/k8s/fe775c6-1659395320990/secure-kubernetes-fe775c6-1659395320990.squashfs
   Storage Boot Selection:
   kernel: /var/www/ephemeral/data/ceph/fe775c6-1659395320990/5.3.18-150300.59.76-default-fe775c6-1659395320990.kernel
   initrd: /var/www/ephemeral/data/ceph/fe775c6-1659395320990/initrd.img-fe775c6-1659395320990.xz
   squash: /var/www/ephemeral/data/ceph/fe775c6-1659395320990/secure-storage-ceph-fe775c6-1659395320990.squashfs
   Attempting to set all known BMCs (from /etc/conman.conf) to DHCP mode
   current BMC count: 0
   Waiting on 9 to request DHCP ...
   Waiting on 9 to request DHCP ...
   Waiting on 9 to request DHCP ...
   All [9] expected BMCs have requested DHCP.
   /root/bin/set-sqfs-links.sh is creating boot directories for each NCN with a BMC that has a lease in /var/lib/misc/dnsmasq.leases
   NOTE: Nodes without boot directories will still boot the non-destructive iPXE binary for bare-metal discovery usage.
   WARNING: CSM_RELEASE was not set, images will be stored in their default location on the node(s) at /run/initramfs/live/LiveOS/
   /var/www is ready.
   ```

> 1. (`pit#`) View the currently set links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (`pit#`) View the currently set links.
```
